** all download versions
https://code.angularjs.org/

** john papa - angular style guide
https://github.com/johnpapa/angular-styleguide

** angular- useful functions
http://artandlogic.com/2013/05/angularjs-best-practices-ive-been-doing-it-wrong-part-3-of-3/

** controller-As syntax  ---vgood (better to use to avoid using $scopes)
http://www.thoughtdelimited.org/thoughts/post.cfm/using-the-controller-as-syntax-with-angularjs-controllers
http://www.johnpapa.net/angularjss-controller-as-and-the-vm-variable/

** all about Value,Factory,Service,Provider,Constant --- vgood
http://tutorials.jenkov.com/angularjs/dependency-injection.html

** setup multiple controllers for same module in separate files
http://tiku.io/questions/4321642/call-function-from-another-controller-angular-js
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20561116/how-to-have-more-than-one-controllers-in-angularjs-correctly
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20087627/how-to-create-separate-angularjs-controller-files
http://www.teebow.net/splitting-angularjs-controllers-separate-files/
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/25819661/how-to-split-single-controller-in-multiple-js-files-in-angularjs

** sharing-scope-between-controllers-with-angularjs
http://gonzalo123.com/2014/09/08/sharing-scope-between-controllers-with-angularjs/

** add/ remove email using simple directive and without directive
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/19629039/angularjs-how-to-share-functionality-between-controllers?rq=1

** using debounce and resove effectively
https://scotch.io/tutorials/making-skinny-angularjs-controllers --- vgood

** angular interpolate and provider service --- vgood
https://github.com/pussinboots/angularjs-interpolate-interceptor
https://github.com/ranjan077/interpolation-angular

* All about angular in YouTube (very good samples. directives, services, factory)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmNFLDL1d6k&list=PLvG9ngQqIEIQvFOeHd3ZvIwWm4kEQQgRY&index=1
https://egghead.io/
https://www.airpair.com/angularjs/posts/top-10-mistakes-angularjs-developers-make

** set mime types for web fonts in IIS
http://codingstill.com/2013/01/set-mime-types-for-web-fonts-in-iis/

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24549167/ng-table-pager-template-is-not-allowing-any-custom-data-binding-like-ng-click-c
http://angular-ui.github.io/ng-grid/
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24627714/angular-ng-table-dynamic-headers-doesnt-work-inside
https://www.airpair.com/angularjs/posts/component-based-angularjs-directives
https://jptacek.com/2014/02/angularJS-templates/
https://docs.angularjs.org/tutorial/step_02

*Defining optional parameters with AngularJS UI Router
http://benfoster.io/blog/ui-router-optional-parameters

* Conditional apply css classes
http://tech-blog.maddyzone.com/javascript/conditionally-apply-classes-in-angularjs

* Angular Tips and Tricks
http://pterkildsen.com/2012/11/16/angularjs-tips-and-tricks/

* good angular plugins
https://www.npmjs.org/search?q=nucleus-angular&page=10

* Angular UI router
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBxu75SMdN0
http://angular-ui.github.io/
https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router
http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/842880/AngularJS-ui-router-nested-routes
http://www.ng-newsletter.com/posts/angular-ui-router.html
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27120308/angular-ui-router-urlrouterprovider-when-not-working-when-i-click-a-ui-sref
http://joelhooks.com/blog/2013/07/22/the-basics-of-using-ui-router-with-angularjs/
http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/3-simple-tips-for-using-ui-router
http://scotch.io/tutorials/javascript/angular-routing-using-ui-router
http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/
http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/sample/#/
http://angular-ui.github.io/ui-router/site/#/api/ui.router
https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-router/tree/master/sample/app/contacts
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziUelciLL5Q
http://plnkr.co/edit/u18KQc?p=preview   -- plunk
http://www.jvandemo.com/how-to-resolve-angularjs-resources-with-ui-router/

* $resource and web api
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/23063949/working-example-of-angularjs-resource-searching-items-in-web-api

*. Angular pagination template used in mvc 4 application
   * http://bazalt-cms.com/ng-table/example/2
   * http://bazalt-cms.com/ng-table/example/1
   * http://lorenzofox3.github.io/smart-table-website/
   * http://angularjs4u.com/tables/top-10-angularjs-table-demos/

*. Angular Directives and IE 8 fixes
  http://sirarsalih.com/tag/angularjs/page/2/   
  http://ng-learn.org/2013/12/Dealing-with-IE-family/

*. Angular ngInfiniteScroll
http://binarymuse.github.io/ngInfiniteScroll/demos.html
http://binarymuse.github.io/ngInfiniteScroll/
 
*.Angular ng-repeat issues
http://www.williambrownstreet.net/blog/2013/07/angularjs-my-solution-to-the-ng-repeat-performance-problem/ 

* using requirejs with angular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yulGISBF8w
http://www.startersquad.com/blog/angularjs-requirejs/ -- best example

* Angular multiselect
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16933324/angularjs-ng-repeat-in-bootstrap-multiselect-dropdown
http://rashimuddin.wordpress.com/2014/07/08/multi-select-drop-down-in-angularjs/
http://angularjs4u.com/demos/angularjs-drop-filter/
http://davidstutz.github.io/bootstrap-multiselect/
http://angularscript.com/multi-select-drop-list-directive-angularjs/
http://jsfiddle.net/qQg8u/2/
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16954605/how-can-i-use-bootstrap-multiselect-dropdown-in-angularjs
https://github.com/amitava82/angular-multiselect

*Using promises and $q to handle asynchronous calls
http://chariotsolutions.com/blog/post/angularjs-corner-using-promises-q-handle-asynchronous-calls/

*angularjs-grid-with-server-side-paging-sorting-filtering
https://nadeemkhedr.wordpress.com/2013/09/01/build-angularjs-grid-with-server-side-paging-sorting-filtering/

* Angular custom filtering
http://tiku.io/questions/1739530/filtering-column-with-combobox-in-angular-ngtable
http://www.toptal.com/angular-js/videos/angularjs-video-tutorial-filtering-a-list-of-items-with-a-custom-list-filter
